docs/walkthrough.md, before:

# Automated Scenario Testing Walkthrough

> **Date:** 2026-01-09  
> **Objective:** Verify Offer Diagnostic feature using real-world user personas

---

## Test Summary

| Scenario | Persona | Stage | Expected Score | Actual Result | Status |
|----------|---------|-------|----------------|---------------|--------|
| 1 | The Garbage Man | Scale | Low (vague headline) | F (Invisible) | ✅ PASS |
| 2 | The Stylist | Monetize | Low (vague headline) | F (Invisible) | ✅ PASS |
| 3 | The Techie | Scale | High (specific headline) | A (90+) | ✅ PASS |
| 4 | The Veteran | Scale | Medium-High | *Rate Limited* | ⏸️ PENDING |
| 5 | The Dreamer | Improvise | High ($0 = correct for Stage 0) | 100 (A+) | ✅ PASS |

**Overall: 4/5 PASSED** (1 pending due to API rate limit)

---

## Detailed Results

### Scenario 1: "The Garbage Man"
**Profile:** $1.2M revenue, vague headline "We haul your trash", $50/mo price

**Verification:**
- ✅ **Stage:** Scale (revenue > $100k) — Verified via localStorage
- ✅ **Score:** F (Invisible < 60) — Correctly identified vague offer
- ✅ **Critique:** "Your offer is invisible. You are selling features, not results."

![Test Recording](/Users/md.rashedmamun/.gemini/antigravity/brain/49f322ea-9197-47f8-8070-70aa4e3beecd/test_garbage_man_1767929934414.webp)

---

### Scenario 2: "The Stylist"
**Profile:** $80k revenue, vague headline "I help people look good", $200 price

**Verification:**
- ✅ **Stage:** Monetize (revenue 0-100k) — Verified via intake data
- ✅ **Score:** F (Invisible) — Headline lacks specifics
- ✅ **Critique:** Matched "invisible" / "features not results" criteria

![Test Recording](/Users/md.rashedmamun/.gemini/antigravity/brain/49f322ea-9197-47f8-8070-70aa4e3beecd/test_stylist_1767934484209.webp)

---

### Scenario 3: "The Techie"
**Profile:** $150k revenue, headline "Cut cloud costs by 40% in 90 days or money back", $5k price

**Verification:**
- ✅ **Stage:** Scale (revenue $150k > $100k)
- ✅ **Score:** A (90+) — Specific numbers + guarantee + targeted audience
- ✅ **Critique:** "Strong offer. Good pricing power."

![Test Recording](/Users/md.rashedmamun/.gemini/antigravity/brain/49f322ea-9197-47f8-8070-70aa4e3beecd/test_techie_1767935693730.webp)

---

### Scenario 5: "The Dreamer"
**Profile:** $0 revenue (pre-revenue), headline "We are building something amazing", $0 price

**Verification:**
- ✅ **Stage:** Improvise (Stage 0 / Pre-Revenue)
- ✅ **Score:** 100 (A+) — $0 pricing is CORRECT for Stage 0
- ✅ **Critique:** "You are in Stage 0 (Pre-Revenue). Stop building. Go find 5 people to serve for FREE today."

> [!NOTE]
> After fixing the scoring logic, Stage 0 users with $0 pricing correctly receive a high score. The original logic penalized free pricing for all stages, which has now been stage-gated.

---

## Fixes Applied During Testing

### Stage 0 Scoring Logic Fix
**File:** [Module1/index.tsx](file:///Users/md.rashedmamun/Claude%20Code%20Projects/Antigravity%20Venture%20Studio/smb-coaching-ai/src/components/modules/Module1/index.tsx)

**Issue:** Pre-revenue users with $0 pricing were receiving low scores (F) instead of high scores.

**Solution:** 
```javascript
// Stage 0 users start with base score of 60 (passing)
let score = stage === 'Improvise' ? 60 : 0;

// Stage 0 gets bonus for $0 pricing (correct behavior)
if (stage === 'Improvise') {
    if (price === 0) score += 40; // Free is CORRECT for Stage 0
}

// Don't penalize Stage 0 for vague avatars (they don't know yet)
if (stage !== 'Improvise') {
    if (audience.length > 10 && !audience.includes('everyone')) score += 30;
}
```

---

## Acceptance Criteria Validated

| AC ID | Requirement | Test Coverage |
|-------|-------------|---------------|
| AC-3.1 | Clarity scoring (numbers = good, jargon = bad) | Scenarios 1, 3 |
| AC-3.2 | Avatar specificity scoring | Scenarios 2, 3 |
| AC-3.3 | Pricing relative to stage | Scenarios 3, 5 |
| AC-3.4 | Stage-gated critique | Scenarios 1-3, 5 |
| AC-3.5 | Low-margin warning (Charity Mode) | Scenario 1 (borderline) |

---

## Next Steps

- [x] **Complete Scenario 4** — Re-run when rate limits clear
- [x] **Agent Testing Framework Setup** — Prototype active with Auditor Registry & Protocol
- [x] **Module 2 Verification** — Verified Marriage Warning & Stage Gating logic
- [x] **Phase 6: Strategic AI Advisor** — Integrated Qualitative AI Advisor (Hormozi-Coach)

---

# Module 2: The Funnel Inspector (Phase 5.2/5.3)

> **Objective:** Verify "Coach-Not-Cop" UI and Stage-Gating logic using autonomous agents.

## Agent Audit: "The Garbage Man" (Mismatch Ads)
**Profile:** Stage 2 (Scale). 100 leads. $5,000 price.
**Scenario:** FB Ads -> Landing Page -> Discovery Call.

**Verification:**
- ✅ **Marriage Warning:** `marriage-warning-banner` appeared correctly (Cold -> High Friction).
- ✅ **Reactivity:** Banner disappeared when adding a 'Lead Magnet' (Nurture step).
- ✅ **Hormozi Gate:** 'Paid Ads' correctly labeled as forbidden for Stage 0 (Dreamer scenario).
- ✅ **Leak Detection:** `leak-alert-overlay` appeared on results.
- ✅ **Instrumentation:** 100% of required `data-testid` attributes present.

![Pilot Audit Recording](/Users/md.rashedmamun/.gemini/antigravity/brain/49f322ea-9197-47f8-8070-70aa4e3beecd/pilot_audit_garbage_man_-62135596800000.webp)

---

## Technical Achievement: Agent Testing Framework (V1)
We have successfully decoupled the **Auditor** from the **App**.

1.  **Auditor Registry:** Machine-readable expectations for AI agents.
2.  **Test Protocol:** Precise constitution for autonomous testing (LocalStorage clear -> Navigation -> Observe).
3.  **UI Instrumentation:** Stable `data-testid` selectors make the app "Agent-Readable."

> [!TIP]
> **Learning:** AI Agents need "State Settlement" time. Rapid navigation can lead to transient data loss. Future protocols will include mandatory 500ms pauses between critical state transitions.

---

# Phase 6: The Strategic AI Advisor

> **Objective:** Transition from rule-based validation to qualitative, strategic coaching.

## AI Diagnostic: "The Leaky Agency"
**Profile:** Stage 2 (Scale). $250,000 revenue. 100 leads. $5,000 price.
**Scenario:** Paid Ads -> Landing Page -> Discovery Call.

**Verification:**
- ✅ **AI Panel Integration:** `ai-advisor-panel` launched with `Hormone-Coach V1`.
- ✅ **Simulated Logic:** Advisor successfully recognized the "Scale" stage and identified a low follow-up intensity leak.
- ✅ **Brutal Truth:** AI correctly noted: *"Your funnel structure is solid, but your 'Follow-up Intensity' is a silent killer."*
- ✅ **Tactical Move:** AI suggested: *"Implement an automated 3-part email sequence immediately."*
- ✅ **Hybrid Engine:** The system now combines **Deterministic Calculus** (Score/Leaks) with **Qualitative Nuance** (AI Advice).

![Strategic AI Advisor Verification](/Users/md.rashedmamun/.gemini/antigravity/brain/49f322ea-9197-47f8-8070-70aa4e3beecd/phase_6_final_verification_mock_1767978315806.webp)

---

## Technical Achievement: The Hybrid Diagnostic Engine
We have successfully implemented a **Two-Tiered** analysis system:

1.  **Tier 1 (Hard Logic):** Local taxonomy-based rules (Fast, 100% accurate on basics).
2.  **Tier 2 (Qualitative AI):** LLM-powered strategic advice (High context, tailored wisdom).

> [!IMPORTANT]
> **Learning:** To ensure 100% uptime for developers, we implemented a **"Simulation Mode"** that mimics the AI Advisor's logic when Supabase keys are absent. This allows for UI/Protocol testing without external dependencies.

Commit message:

feat(branding): De-brand methodology and implement Strategic Fork
- Replaced Alex/Hormozi references with 'Antigravity' and 'Strategic-Coach'.
- Implemented 'Model Fork' in Module 1 intake.
- Added 'Waitlist Wall' for non-high-ticket businesses.
- Updated documentation and internal comments to proprietary branding.

docs/walkthrough.md, after:

# Automated Scenario Testing Walkthrough

> **Date:** 2026-01-09  
> **Objective:** Verify Offer Diagnostic feature using real-world user personas

---

## Test Summary

| Scenario | Persona | Stage | Expected Score | Actual Result | Status |
|----------|---------|-------|----------------|---------------|--------|
| 1 | The Garbage Man | Scale | Low (vague headline) | F (Invisible) | ✅ PASS |
| 2 | The Stylist | Monetize | Low (vague headline) | F (Invisible) | ✅ PASS |
| 3 | The Techie | Scale | High (specific headline) | A (90+) | ✅ PASS |
| 4 | The Veteran | Scale | Medium-High | *Rate Limited* | ⏸️ PENDING |
| 5 | The Dreamer | Improvise | High ($0 = correct for Stage 0) | 100 (A+) | ✅ PASS |

**Overall: 4/5 PASSED** (1 pending due to API rate limit)

---

## Detailed Results

### Scenario 1: "The Garbage Man"
**Profile:** $1.2M revenue, vague headline "We haul your trash", $50/mo price

**Verification:**
- ✅ **Stage:** Scale (revenue > $100k) — Verified via localStorage
- ✅ **Score:** F (Invisible < 60) — Correctly identified vague offer
- ✅ **Critique:** "Your offer is invisible. You are selling features, not results."

![Test Recording](/Users/md.rashedmamun/.gemini/antigravity/brain/49f322ea-9197-47f8-8070-70aa4e3beecd/test_garbage_man_1767929934414.webp)

---

### Scenario 2: "The Stylist"
**Profile:** $80k revenue, vague headline "I help people look good", $200 price

**Verification:**
- ✅ **Stage:** Monetize (revenue 0-100k) — Verified via intake data
- ✅ **Score:** F (Invisible) — Headline lacks specifics
- ✅ **Critique:** Matched "invisible" / "features not results" criteria

![Test Recording](/Users/md.rashedmamun/.gemini/antigravity/brain/49f322ea-9197-47f8-8070-70aa4e3beecd/test_stylist_1767934484209.webp)

---

### Scenario 3: "The Techie"
**Profile:** $150k revenue, headline "Cut cloud costs by 40% in 90 days or money back", $5k price

**Verification:**
- ✅ **Stage:** Scale (revenue $150k > $100k)
- ✅ **Score:** A (90+) — Specific numbers + guarantee + targeted audience
- ✅ **Critique:** "Strong offer. Good pricing power."

![Test Recording](/Users/md.rashedmamun/.gemini/antigravity/brain/49f322ea-9197-47f8-8070-70aa4e3beecd/test_techie_1767935693730.webp)

---

### Scenario 5: "The Dreamer"
**Profile:** $0 revenue (pre-revenue), headline "We are building something amazing", $0 price

**Verification:**
- ✅ **Stage:** Improvise (Stage 0 / Pre-Revenue)
- ✅ **Score:** 100 (A+) — $0 pricing is CORRECT for Stage 0
- ✅ **Critique:** "You are in Stage 0 (Pre-Revenue). Stop building. Go find 5 people to serve for FREE today."

> [!NOTE]
> After fixing the scoring logic, Stage 0 users with $0 pricing correctly receive a high score. The original logic penalized free pricing for all stages, which has now been stage-gated.

---

## Fixes Applied During Testing

### Stage 0 Scoring Logic Fix
**File:** [Module1/index.tsx](file:///Users/md.rashedmamun/Claude%20Code%20Projects/Antigravity%20Venture%20Studio/smb-coaching-ai/src/components/modules/Module1/index.tsx)

**Issue:** Pre-revenue users with $0 pricing were receiving low scores (F) instead of high scores.

**Solution:** 
```javascript
// Stage 0 users start with base score of 60 (passing)
let score = stage === 'Improvise' ? 60 : 0;

// Stage 0 gets bonus for $0 pricing (correct behavior)
if (stage === 'Improvise') {
    if (price === 0) score += 40; // Free is CORRECT for Stage 0
}

// Don't penalize Stage 0 for vague avatars (they don't know yet)
if (stage !== 'Improvise') {
    if (audience.length > 10 && !audience.includes('everyone')) score += 30;
}
```

---

## Acceptance Criteria Validated

| AC ID | Requirement | Test Coverage |
|-------|-------------|---------------|
| AC-3.1 | Clarity scoring (numbers = good, jargon = bad) | Scenarios 1, 3 |
| AC-3.2 | Avatar specificity scoring | Scenarios 2, 3 |
| AC-3.3 | Pricing relative to stage | Scenarios 3, 5 |
| AC-3.4 | Stage-gated critique | Scenarios 1-3, 5 |
| AC-3.5 | Low-margin warning (Charity Mode) | Scenario 1 (borderline) |

---

## Next Steps

- [x] **Complete Scenario 4** — Re-run when rate limits clear
- [x] **Agent Testing Framework Setup** — Prototype active with Auditor Registry & Protocol
- [x] **Module 2 Verification** — Verified Marriage Warning & Stage Gating logic
- [x] **Phase 6: Strategic AI Advisor** — Integrated Qualitative AI Advisor (Strategic-Coach)

---

# Module 2: The Funnel Inspector (Phase 5.2/5.3)

> **Objective:** Verify "Coach-Not-Cop" UI and Stage-Gating logic using autonomous agents.

## Agent Audit: "The Garbage Man" (Mismatch Ads)
**Profile:** Stage 2 (Scale). 100 leads. $5,000 price.
**Scenario:** FB Ads -> Landing Page -> Discovery Call.

**Verification:**
- ✅ **Marriage Warning:** `marriage-warning-banner` appeared correctly (Cold -> High Friction).
- ✅ **Reactivity:** Banner disappeared when adding a 'Lead Magnet' (Nurture step).
- ✅ **Strategic Gate:** 'Paid Ads' correctly labeled as forbidden for Stage 0 (Dreamer scenario).
- ✅ **Leak Detection:** `leak-alert-overlay` appeared on results.
- ✅ **Instrumentation:** 100% of required `data-testid` attributes present.

![Pilot Audit Recording](/Users/md.rashedmamun/.gemini/antigravity/brain/49f322ea-9197-47f8-8070-70aa4e3beecd/pilot_audit_garbage_man_-62135596800000.webp)

---

## Technical Achievement: Agent Testing Framework (V1)
We have successfully decoupled the **Auditor** from the **App**.

1.  **Auditor Registry:** Machine-readable expectations for AI agents.
2.  **Test Protocol:** Precise constitution for autonomous testing (LocalStorage clear -> Navigation -> Observe).
3.  **UI Instrumentation:** Stable `data-testid` selectors make the app "Agent-Readable."

> [!TIP]
> **Learning:** AI Agents need "State Settlement" time. Rapid navigation can lead to transient data loss. Future protocols will include mandatory 500ms pauses between critical state transitions.

---

# Phase 6: The Strategic AI Advisor

> **Objective:** Transition from rule-based validation to qualitative, strategic coaching.

## AI Diagnostic: "The Leaky Agency"
**Profile:** Stage 2 (Scale). $250,000 revenue. 100 leads. $5,000 price.
**Scenario:** Paid Ads -> Landing Page -> Discovery Call.

**Verification:**
- ✅ **AI Panel Integration:** `ai-advisor-panel` launched with `Strategic-Coach V1`.
- ✅ **Simulated Logic:** Advisor successfully recognized the "Scale" stage and identified a low follow-up intensity leak.
- ✅ **Brutal Truth:** AI correctly noted: *"Your funnel structure is solid, but your 'Follow-up Intensity' is a silent killer."*
- ✅ **Tactical Move:** AI suggested: *"Implement an automated 3-part email sequence immediately."*
- ✅ **Hybrid Engine:** The system now combines **Deterministic Calculus** (Score/Leaks) with **Qualitative Nuance** (AI Advice).

- [x] **Phase 7.1: Strategic Fork & De-branding** — Methodology bifurcation active

---

# Phase 7.1: The Strategic Fork & De-branding

> **Objective:** Protected the integrity of our high-ticket logic and removed external branding.

## The Model Fork
We successfully implemented a **Y-Junction** at the intake to capture users outside our core "High-Ticket Service" engine.

**Verification:**
- ✅ **Qualifying Question:** Intake now starts with *"Are you selling a High-Ticket Service?"*
- ✅ **Waitlist Wall:** Users who select 'No' are routed to a specialized roadmap waitlist.
- ✅ **De-branded UI:** All references to external creators (Alex/Hormozi) have been replaced with **Antigravity** and **Strategic-Coach**.
- ✅ **Proprietary Engine:** Fixed all taxonomy comments and internal labels.

![Strategic Fork Verification](/Users/md.rashedmamun/.gemini/antigravity/brain/49f322ea-9197-47f8-8070-70aa4e3beecd/phase_7_fork_verification_waitlist_1767980993480.webp)

---

## Technical Achievement: Methodology Bifurcation
We have decoupled the **Methodology** from the **Product**. This allows us to:
1.  **Iterate on our own spin:** The "Strategic-Coach" logic is now ours to evolve.
2.  **Scale to other models:** We have a clean "Waitlist" track ready to be converted into new diagnostic engines (Brick & Mortar, E-Com) in Phase 7.2.
